Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's a way of life.
A way of thinking.
When you born into it.
it's in your DNA.
You can't just walk away.
regardless of how hard you try.
And the undercurrent is so strong
that you consciously make bad decisions.
fully aware of the consequences.
But occasionally you cross
paths with someone special.
someone who was born under
the same circumstances as you.
But it's clear they belong
in another dimension.
somewhere amongst the stars.
but trapped in a human body.
When you meet such a person.
don't be jealous or envious.
Just do all within your power
to help them realize their full potential.
So you think smoking weed is wrong?
I don't know. I mean
it's illegal. right?
Oh so. if it's illegal.
then it's wrong?
Hm. I don't know what
I'm saying right now.
What's your point?
Think about it.
How could something that make
you feel so good be wrong?
You know Doc?
I don't even know what
you're talking about.
You're low key blowing my high.
Oh. so you smoke weed to get high?
That's the point. isn't it?
Now see.
that's your problem.
You smoke weed to escape your problems.
When I come down off my high.
I'm still high.
'Cause I'm high on life.
Man. that is bull shit.
'Cause every time I come
over here your high.
So what are you talking about?
So you think because I'm
blind that I don't see shit?
All right. fine.
Tell me what finger I'm holding up then.
I might can't see what
finger you holding up.
but I can see you approaching a crossroad.
A crossroad?
Yeah. a crossroad.
♪ La la la la la ♪
♪ Where you from ♪
♪ la la la la la ♪
♪ Starting as a East coast vibe ♪
♪ Now I'm going worldwide ♪
♪ We got this bitch going cray ♪
♪ going cray ♪
♪ I used to take the monster for a drive ♪
♪ Now I'm on the four o five
like it's fuck you pain ♪
♪ I'm really sick of standing outside ♪
♪ Had to push them all aside ♪
♪ That's what you get
for trying to play me ♪
♪ I bet they make a movie when I die ♪
♪ Just to talk about my life ♪
♪ They need an actor to portray me ♪
♪ I got mother fucker clear like a nidra ♪
♪ I got elevator flowing on the high top ♪
♪ I got a little something
stacked like an I hop ♪
♪ This is o five you would
put it on your I pod ♪
♪ I'm gonna give you something
that you can't forget ♪
♪ Put the price up baby
add the tax a bit ♪
♪ Know you say the comma
thought it was a accident ♪
♪ Well it wasn't ♪
♪ It's about time the kids buzzing ♪
♪ I'm trying to get a
peak in the elevator ♪
♪ But if we talking peaks I
need mine like the Himalayas ♪
♪ Talking yay high man I
never had a vertical limit ♪
♪ I ain't seen you
puttin' work in a minute ♪
♪ I gotta put on for the family ♪
♪ That goes for every
person that's in it ♪
♪ Used to scrape by working
as a service attendant ♪
♪ Till I got more ♪
♪ Bitch I ain't comfy
I need the top floor ♪
♪ Doing anything to get that spot for ♪
♪ Started as a East Coast
vibe now I'm going worldwide ♪
What that for man?
♪ Now I'm on the 405 ♪
♪ We really sick of standing outside ♪
Fuck that let's go man.
What y'all doing?
Yo man. you good.
You good man
♪ I ain't settling for
nothing that be under a nib ♪
♪ There's only one of
me there's 100 of them ♪
What the fuck is going on?
Good day
♪ That was until Mom dropped a V note ♪
♪ Room for the smoke like we
lived in a casino C note ♪
♪ Looking for the truth
like God show me a sign ♪
♪ I'm not religious but
I hold he his kind ♪
Hey. hey.
♪ I was going round the city man ♪
♪ I knew what I had been making ♪
♪ Wasn't raised a thief but if
I had to I would take some ♪
♪ Worked at Frito Lay I
was writing on my break ♪
♪ Plotting on a record waiting
for the day we break one ♪
♪ La la la la la ♪
♪ La la la la ♪
Told his ass midnight.
Ray.
Yeah?
It's after midnight.
I know. The studio
session ran late. I'm sorry.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
The next time buy a
fucking air mattress.
and stay the fuck there. 'cause
you won't be staying here.
Yeah. yeah.
I'm not playing with your ass.
I said I got you.
Hey. Luck. That's him?
Hey.
Hey. what's up?
What's up with you?
Nah. just walking by.
I can't just let you go like that.
So you like what you see?
No. the real question is
do you like what you see?
That's what's up. then.
Oh now. hold up bro. What the fuck?
What?
Nah. hold up everything. What the fuck?
Nah. bro. That's dead. Go
ahead with that shit. yo.
Go ahead. yo. You trying
to push up on my girl?
Dino. what the fuck
are you talking about?
That's your girl across the street.
leaning on that hot ass hood.
- Oh.
- Hey man. Hey.
That's my bad. Ain't nothing
fucking like that. It never-
If that's your bad. get
the fuck outta here then.
Roll out.
All right. chill out. Chill
out. Jesus. I'll see you.
Bitch ass nigger.
Yeah. That's him.
Yo. did he leave with
the one you was talking to.
or the one that was at the car?
Mother fucking car.
Hey. they fucking with
us dog. What we gonna do?
Yeah. it's up then.
Yo. Luck. Yo. pop him.
Pop him in the leg. Luck. Don't kill him.
I'm gonna send a message. you heard?
Don't kill him. Pop him in the
leg. pop him in the leg. Pop.
Hey. Dino.
Remember me?
Oh shit.
Oh. fuck.
Ah. ah. ah. shit.
This nigger just shot
me in my fucking leg.
Ah.
Next time you pull a
fucking gun. fucking use it.
Bitch.
Ah. shit.
Shit. That nigger right now. son.
See that nigger right now. son.
Get that. son.
What's up. you bitch ass
nigger? Remember me. nigger?
Fuck you. nigger.
Tell your nigger. Deuce. man he next.
You bitch ass nigger.
Matter fact. matter fact.
Oh shit.
Matter of fact. I tell a nigger myself.
Go. nigger! Go
go. go go. go go go!
♪ Range dank ♪
♪ Come to think of it not
much here has changed ♪
♪ The root of all our problems
is essentially the same ♪
♪ And while our kids are putting
bullets into they brain ♪
♪ The influential talk about
their diamonds and chains ♪
♪ Man it's all too much for me ♪
♪ Stuff I believe ♪
♪ That we gotta all be at ♪
♪ Even if we don't understand it ♪
Yo I got some bad news man.
What's up?
Dino got killed yesterday.
What?
Yeah. man. Dre and his
boys killed Dino man.
Nah man. fuck that bro.
Alright man. we gotta call the crew man.
Go handle this stuff.
Nah man.
I got this man. I got this.
Nah. nah. nah. nah. nah bro.
I. I can't let that ride bro.
Nah man. you need to
get out the game man.
You got a family and kids
and all man. I got this.
I got this man.
I got this.
All right.
Got you man.
Got you.
What was that about?
Nothing.
So why did you and Mello go outside?
Lisa just back off alright.
Look. I'm sorry for
yelling at you alright.
Mello told me something.
Somebody broke into
the store or something.
Oh my God. How bad was it?
I don't know.
I just.
I don't think they got anything
but I gotta go check it out.
That's good.
I gotta go.
You not staying for breakfast.
Just keep it warm for me alright.
Alright.
I got you.
Have a seat.
What's going on Cap?
Dino's dead.
What?
They got him last night?
I'm not surprised Cap.
Dino was a loose cannon.
Dre wants a war. You
got any other leads?
If not. those dead bodies
are gonna start piling up.
On Dre?
Let me think.
I think I can get to Deuce's wife.
Really?
Yeah. she wants him to go straight.
Dino told me in our last conversation.
Alright. go for it.
I got you Cap.
The home side
has something going now
and the crowd is loving it.
It's the bottom of the eighth inning
and so far it's been a very tight game.
Hey baby.
Hey. what's going on?
You okay?
We need to talk.
About what?
I knew what I was getting
into. Married a cop.
I even prepared myself for the worst.
But now that we have a child on the way.
I don't know what I would
do if you didn't come home.
Like it is freaking me out.
Has that crossed your mind?
Listen Ray. I just wanna know the truth.
The truth about what?
How involved are you with Dre?
It's not fair.
If I give you my heart. then
I deserve to know the truth
and what I'm getting myself into.
Okay. All right.
I drive for him and don't
even gimme that man.
He pays for my studio
time and household music
and that's my music videos.
Okay. we're also friends.
That's it.
Just please.
just promise me you'll
stop driving for him
after the project is done.
I promise.
What's up?
So they want a war. huh?
How you think we should handle this?
Look. I got a couple
investment properties. family.
Getting tired of this shit.
Sh. people dying from nothing.
Nothing?
You call 30 thousand a day nothing?
How the fuck you think
you got them two investment properties?
Look. handle your business or I will.
You promised me
that you were cutting that shit lose.
I am. I just need a
little bit of time that's all.
You're getting
too old for this shit.
I'm not trying to raise our kids alone.
Lisa!
What is it?
So what is it gonna be Deuce?
What are we talking about?
I drove by the store today.
It didn't look like anyone
was trying to break in.
Look Deuce. we've been
together since high school.
I've given you two kids.
you've never lied to me.
So please don't start now.
I can't tell you what's
going on right now Lisa.
I just need you to trust me.
You promised me that you
were cutting that shit loose.
I am. I just need a little
bit of time that's all.
We're getting too old for this shit.
I'm not trying to raise our kids alone.
Lisa!
Just. just gimme a little
bit of time alright.
Can I help you?
Yes.
I'm Detective Johnson. That's
my partner Detective Beasley.
Okay.
Look. I'm not trying to harass you.
but I do have some information for you.
I don't have time for this.
We have nothing to talk about.
Please just listen.
Your husband. he's caught in
the middle of a street war.
I know he doesn't wanna
be involved. but he is.
And they're forcing his hand.
Here. take our card.
Maybe you can give us some information
to help us. help Deuce.
Take a look around.
the world's a ugly place.
There's no time for widows.
Nice move.
Yo. From this day forward.
every breath he take is numbered.
Ah fuck that nigga man.
Puss ass nigga.
We gonna shut this shit down.
After that everybody will
know who the real king pin is.
Ray baby. Can you
come here for a minute?
It's like every time I
try to leave this house.
Just bring your ass here.
Yes.
I'm so proud of you.
For what?
Cause your ass met your curfew.
I am just excited every day.
I guess.
I don't mean to be so rough.
but I just don't want
nothing to happen to you
like your brother.
Hm. I mean. I get it.
Come here.
I love you so much son.
That's so sweet.
And where is your ass going?
To the mall?
With who?
My crew. Mom.
Mm.
You see that shit?
Your black ass better be in here by dark.
I know. I know.
Bye.
Ah.
Oh. she think her ass cute.
I think she been around boys.
I need you to follow her.
Oh. that meant me.
Yes. Go now and follow her ass.
My life don't revolve around her.
Today it does.
Hey yo.
I found out where they be hanging out at.
The trap house.
Word?
Let's get them niggas tonight. man.
What y'all wanna do?
Hell yeah.
Say less then.
Let's ride.
Hey. you got a sec?
What up?
I gotta know. how long
am I gonna be driving?
What you worried about
your future with me man?
Yeah. I guess.
I understand though. man.
But you know me. I believe in you.
Why don't you think I believe in you man?
You know what I mean?
Because you the only one I know
who can get out this business man.
You know what I mean?
Get out what you doing man?
Why you think I got you driving?
You know what I mean?
Letting you know there's
nothing free in this world. man.
You know what I'm saying? You feel me?
You right.
You know your key man.
You know what I mean?
I got your back don't worry
about it man. let's go.
Unit two 61.
You have a domestic
disturbance in progress.
1 o 6 3 7 Birmingham
Avenue. Apartment 1 0 2.
Unit two 61
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Stand
by for an address change.
Standing by.
The correct address is
1 o 6 3 6 Birmingham Street.
Apartment 1 0 2.
Copy that.
A newbie huh.
Yeah.
Seven Dead.
The crazy part is.
we were right there in
front of the building
on a domestic violence call.
but dispatch rerouted us
because of a wrong address.
Look. is there anything
we can do to stop this war?
I have an idea.
We can take Deuce down now.
We'll probably lose K P.
but it'll stop a lot of the violence.
I don't think we have a choice guys.
When can you take Deuce down?
I think we should lean on Deuce's wife.
We tell her the truth.
that Deuce is in danger.
that she get us some leverage
and she can tell us
everything that she knows.
Maybe we can also get a inside
track on the next showdown.
What do you think Roland?
I think it's worth a try.
Okay. if that doesn't work.
let's take Deuce off the streets.
Copy that.
Yes sir.
Lisa.
That war we warned you
about. it's already started.
One of Deuce's distro spots has been hit
and seven people were killed.
They're coming after Deuce.
It's only a matter of time.
Deuce doesn't tell me
anything about his business.
That was a part of the deal.
We understand that. But in
order for us to help Deuce.
we're gonna need somebody
to break that deal.
What are you saying? You want
me to snitch on my husband.
Snitch?
We already know what your husband does.
So why haven't you arrested him then?
Because it's not him that
we want. It's his boss K P.
And we just here so that
you and your children
do not become casualties of war.
Look.
we're gonna need you to
dig a little bit deeper
and see what you can find out.
You still have our card?
How many girlfriends you got?
I mean I.
I would just say I have
like this one shorty
I'm messing with. you feel me?
Y'all fuckin'?
I mean. hell yeah.
You use protection?
What you my father now?
Of course I use protection.
Why?
I tell you why.
Because that's probably what
your parents taught you. right?
And it's probably what
society taught them.
I mean. what's wrong with that?
I mean. it is for your own good. right?
Rubber to skin.
That shit ain't natural.
Now skin to skin.
that's where it's meant to be.
The problem is y'all wanna
fuck everything in a skirt
and two legs.
That shits for the birds.
And what do birds do?
They spread shit.
Find yourself a girl. man.
A eagle. someone special.
Someone that you can trust.
and she can trust you.
And y'all keep that shit on lock.
Tight.
That's what it's meant to be.
Fuck all that condom shit.
My boy. my boy.
What's happening baby? You alright?
Wide open.
What's up? What's up man?
How you doing today man?
Alright.
Yeah. same old. same. same.
That's what's up man?
Stay hydrated out here
man it's hot out here.
I'm telling you boy.
It might be hot in more
than ever ways though.
Them people been staring
at you for a minute. man.
Stay on your toe.
What's up?
Y'all need something?
Oh shit.
Yeah nigga.
What the fuck you doing here
taking street rats home.
Yeah. put your hands down bro.
I'm taking over this block now.
Don't act like you didn't hear.
Bless you live.
You understand me.
You man I'ma let you live
But next time I catch you I'ma spank you.
You understand me?
All right. all right.
Who? Hold on.
Who is it?
It's me nigga.
Can you come back later though?
Come on y'all I gotta
ask you a question.
All right. Hold on.
Hang up on that little boy.
Come in.
Damn.
What's up?
So the crew? Huh?
What are you talking about?
Come on. yo.
I was at the mall too.
So that's how it is. huh?
Listen. it's not even
like that for real.
I just wanna know why you lying to mom?
Because you know how she would react.
Okay?
I get it.
But don't lie to me. All right?
All right.
Now call that musty boy back.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Love you.
I love you too.
Come here.
What's up with you guys?
Oh.
Ticka. ticka. ticka. ticka. ticka.
All right kids. Time to take a nap.
All right. go and listen to momma.
Babe can you bring
me something to drink?
Okay.
Thank you.
Yo.
How'd it go?
It didn't.
What happened?
Cops
were staked out in front.
They arrested a couple of the
guys that came out the house.
Fuck.
What's going on man?
Literally just woke up man.
I feel like I was drugged or something.
I'll holler back.
I'm out.
Cool.
Why didn't you wake me up?
I tried.
If I didn't know any better.
I think you drug me or something.
Yeah. And if I didn't know any better.
I would think you promise
to move is some bullshit.
Where'd that come from?
If you can make a
bullshit comment so can I.
You want some coffee?
Fuck you.
Great work out there.
Thank you Cap.
Excellent John.
Thanks Cap.
Sit down.
So what you got?
So we got the spot that
Dre's crew hangs out at
and we have a new informant.
Deuce's wife.
Good call.
What's your next move?
So we're gonna go stake out the spot.
get some ears in there.
Sounds good.
Just please. just promise
me you'll stop driving for him
after the project is done.
I promise.
I don't mean to be so rough.
but I just don't want
nothing to happen to you
like your brother.
I mean. I get it.
Come here.
I love you so much son.
I might can't see what
finger you holding up
but I can see you
approaching a crossroads.
A crossroads?
Yeah. a crossroads.
Look how much longer will
you be working with Dre?
Why?
Everybody knows what
happened. Were you there?
No.
Is it really worth it?
Why don't you just go get a job
and pay for the rest of
the production yourself?
Dre is making enemies
and so will you if you
keep hanging around him.
Look. I'm afraid and I
just don't wanna lose you.
Then don't be afraid then.
nothing's gonna happen.
What's up babe?
Hey. what's going on?
Look. fuck the streets.
Fuck the game.
Fuck all that shit.
You and my babies. that's all I got.
Look. pack everything up.
Sell our properties.
Know some people in South Carolina
could open up a barbershop or something.
Whatever. I just wanna
start a new life with you.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I got bad thoughts that
make my mind scared ♪
♪ Hold me hostage and
they don't fight fair ♪
♪ Who going pray for me
and wipe on my tears ♪
♪ Who going save me if
you not right here ♪
♪ Move this darkness and
make my sight clear ♪
♪ Take me your way cause
I don't like here ♪
♪ Ghost of my past they
fillin' the night air ♪
♪ Wake me up I'm trapped
in my nightmares ♪
♪ Back to life ♪
♪ Drowning drowning I'm off the deep end ♪
♪ Apparitions of all my demons ♪
♪ All my thoughts are committing treason ♪
♪ All alone who going
hear me screaming ah ♪
♪ Manifestations of my fears ♪
♪ Regret that stretched
out for light years ♪
♪ Can almost touch the
light homie is right there ♪
♪ Body free but trapped in my nightmares ♪
♪ Wake me up don't let me jump ♪
♪ All the lights are fading now ♪
♪ All my life is fading now ♪
♪ Wake me up don't let me jump ♪
♪ All you freaks are
trapped in my nightmares ♪
♪ Wake me up I'm trapped
in my nightmares ♪
Hey where's Lucky?
Yo. you niggas ain't hear me?
I said where Lucky at?
Hey yo man. they got Lucky bee.
The fuck you mean they got Lucky.
Lucky ain't hear no more man.
Nah man what you mean Lucky gone?
Look we're embarrassing...
Nah. don't walk upon me.
Where the fuck is Lucky?
They set Luck up man.
No.
I got.
I know he at though B.
I know where they at.
B you hear me?
I know they hang out. We
gonna get them you hear me
♪ Hold me up don't let me down ♪
♪ Said that you've been hurt ♪
♪ One too many times before ♪
♪ Ended up staring in
the bathroom mirror ♪
♪ Crying on the bedroom floor ♪
♪ Baby you can take my word ♪
♪ You haven't gotta hurt no more ♪
♪ Things about to get much better ♪
♪ I wanna make this forever ♪
Man fate can be ruthless.
Why you say that?
Deuces death let us right to K P.
Yep.
♪ Said that you felt loveless ♪
♪ Hundred times before ♪
♪ Going in circles on a one way street ♪
♪ Running till your feet get sore ♪
♪ And I guess you haven't heard ♪
♪ You ain't gotta run no more ♪
♪ Things about to get much better ♪
Babe.
So I just left Deuce's grave site.
and his kids were there.
Two of the cutest kids
I ever seen in my life.
And all I could think
about was you and our baby.
I can't do this no more.
After we take K P down.
I'm gonna change careers.
So I believe Skinny and D Rock
took out one of Dre's gang members. Lucky.
He wasn't lucky that night though.
And I believe it was Dre
who actually executed Deuce
in a pretty much opposite.
I suspect the hit on Lucky
was not approved by K P.
Cause Skinny and D-Roc.
they both disappeared.
I don't think they'll be
popping up anytime soon
because from what I heard.
K P and Deuce were real close.
Who's the question mark?
I don't really know.
I think it's the kid I
saw in the car that night.
And if so. he's just a driver.
So where do we go from here?
Well. Dre wants the world.
He's not gonna stop until K P is dead.
And if so.
things gonna get a lot worse
before they get better.
And your informant?
I'm not sure. Now that her husband dead
she may ghost us.
Or she may want revenge.
On who?
Dre?
Not just Dre.
Everybody.
The gang killed her husband.
So you think she'd be
willing to go deeper?
I think it's worth a try.
Let me talk to her.
All right. let's go for it.
I keep wondering.
if I had listened to you the
first time you approached me.
would things have turned out differently.
He was walking away you know.
we were planning to sell our properties
and move to South Carolina and start over.
He wanted to open a barbershop.
Yeah.
I wanna help you take down K P.
You sure.
She trusts me.
Her and Deuce were like family.
I don't know ah.
K P is ruthless and.
I will wear a wire.
You can bug my phone. anything.
Isn't it you who told me that
now isn't a time for widows?
Well. maybe I can help another
wife before it's too late.
You still have Deuce's cell?
Yes.
Let me have it.
We'll bug it.
And when you invite K P
over you can offer it to her
and maybe we can get some
helpful information from there.
Anything you want.
Thank you.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
How were you planning to help Deuce?
Well we were gonna arrest him
and take him off the streets
until all this died down.
What are y'all
simple asses arguing about now?
Nothing.
Simple ass kids.
I wasn't
So who's Rebecca?
She's just my friend.
A friend that you've
been hugging and kissing?
I have not.
We're not even official.
Not official.
Yo. we've been official for three months.
We have not.
Hey man. what the fuck
is going on in here man?
Ray.
And who the fuck are you?
Ray what are you doing?
Hey man. you gotta get outta here man.
I'm sorry.
Get out. I'm. I'm talking.
Nigga did you not hear me?
Get out the house.
Right.
Damn. And back to you.
Who told you to have
some nigga in the house?
Okay. so what. I got a boyfriend.
At least I'm not out here on
the streets killing people.
My God. what are you even talking about?
We all know that Dre has been
paying for your studio time.
That's why you drive him. Right?
Right? And we all know what Dre does.
No. What me and Dre do is
none of your goddamn business.
Really. Really?
Cause if mom knew that.
she would not say that.
If mom knew about that
little dirty ass nigga.
If mom fucking knew what?
What are y'all simple
asses arguing about now?
Nothing.
Simple ass kids.
Look I have something to tell you.
What?
Turn around.
What? You're pregnant or something?
Yeah.
Wait. wait. wait.
You for real?
How d'you feel?
That's what's up.
I'm gonna have a family.
We're gonna have a family.
You know I finished my album.
Congratulations.
Thank you
The girl I was telling
you about. she's pregnant.
You love her?
Yeah.
I do.
Good.
A young family.
The odds are stacked against you.
but if you love each other you'll be okay.
What's that I smell?
I don't know. What you smell my cologne?
What are you afraid of?
I'm not even going to bore you
about how I lost my eyesight.
But like you.
I was at a major crossroad
and I took the wrong road.
But if you lucky enough to come out alive.
you could always get
back on the right road.
But here's the catch.
it won't be clean.
You'll carry those scars
for the rest of your life.
Got you.
You can't catch me.
No you can't.
Be quiet and sit down.
You okay?
Yeah we good.
Thank you.
Yeah. there's more where that came from.
What's going on?
I went to Deuce phone.
I came up on some information that. well.
let's just say.
this information will be more
beneficial to you than for me.
I appreciate that.
That was it.
Lisa.
I'm gonna find out who
pulled that trigger.
Thank you.
Ray.
Yeah.
Where you going?
Going to the studio for a late session.
Hm. be back before midnight.
Yeah. I got you.
Hey Ray.
I'm really sorry about Lucky.
It's all good.
What's wrong?
You're lying.
Listen. I just miss Lucky that's it.
Well. are you almost finished with Dre?
Yeah. I got like one session left.
I'm scared.
Why? Ain't nothing to be scared of.
Every time something good happens to me.
something bad always has to ruin it.
Listen. nothing's gonna happen okay.
I promise.
We gotta go.
It's going down.
Fuck!
Now I know what you're thinking.
Why couldn't he just walk away?
Well. how do you know he didn't?
Now that's what will happen
if you take the wrong road.
Fuck.
Now. I know what you thinking.
Why couldn't he just walk away?
Well how do you know he didn't?
Now that's what will happen
if you take the wrong road?